I made
$829,000 last month here is every single
thing I did to get there if you don't
know me my name is Daniel Fazzio
co-founder of client Ascension and list
kit and the link to this document is
going to be inside of the description
let's get into it this stem from this
tweet I made and we're going to be
talking specifically about the inputs
required to make this work so I made a
tweet it said I guarantee that if 99% of
people who desperately want to hit 100K
a month did an audit of your past 30
days you'd find you have done very
little Outreach you have conducted near
zero followup you have not reviewed a
single sales call you have produced zero
useful content you are not even remotely
close to what is required for these
numbers I did 832k last month I know
what it takes it's orders of magnitude
beyond what you think is normal so the
sections of this guide what I'm going to
be going through are what I did on my
side so I'm like on the marketing side
of the business so content paid ads
newsletter tee and processes and then my
offers so let's get straight into this
so first content I use Twitter LinkedIn
YouTube and let's go straight into the
the Twitter analytics page because this
can get so obvious it makes you feel
stupid when you actually look at it so
let's go over here these are my Twitter
analytics on the cold you on Wizard
account so this is Impressions versus
post so the green line and the blue line
you will find that this is hilariously
obvious in hindsight but the more you
tweet the more Impressions you get wow
craziest thing ever so on November 12th
I made eight tweets and had 142,000
Impressions and then you go to the
weekend and it kind of goes down but
over here 8 post 74,000 over here 9 post
48 ,000 it's really quite that simple
you just do the same it's a one toone
correlation so in a 4-week time span I
got 1.3 million impressions 6,200
profile visits and it doesn't show you
how many link clicks you got but it's
probably a substantial amount of them um
if I go to content over here let's look
at four weeks and I want posts if we
sort by Impressions yeah I'm kind of
like this tweet right here that was a
really good one I'm just spitting random
[__] it's really not that difficult at
all so LinkedIn had 69,6
two post so what I do on LinkedIn is I
actually run an email list too and then
I have a team of people who they take
what I write in the email list and they
transform it into LinkedIn post so that
is the extent of my LinkedIn content
strategy and we just post one time a day
so if I was actively attempting to get
clients in LinkedIn I'd be accepting all
the connection requests and sending the
EMS to them but I'm not doing that I'm
really not the best at LinkedIn I just
post there and that's pretty much it
because you start accepting connection
requests and people start pitching you
it's like a super [__] pain of the
ass I know people who make a substantial
amount of money on LinkedIn doing what
I'm doing but also just messaging people
I said this in my last video in the 30
different ways to get clients most of
the selling that occurs on social media
occurs in the DMS right like almost all
of it so let's go over YouTube because
YouTube might actually get most of our
business now like on the content side at
least so I'm currently I'm making
content on what I feel like making
however I sometimes go into vid IQ to
see what kind of videos have search
volume then I'll search that term myself
and I'll watch some of the videos and
then I what I'll decide to do is to just
make a better video and that's it cuz
I'm just trying to rank so like if I go
over here over to my YouTube analytic in
the past 28 days I've got 44,000 views
539 new subscribers 2,800 hours of watch
time this is super important because you
got to understand that for every 1 hour
that somebody watches of you it's about
$1,000 they'll have the propensity to
purchase with you if it's B2B right so
like quite literally this is
$280,000 of like purchasing power that
could realized from YouTube over the
past 28 days for me now if I go over
here to content let's scroll down and go
to some of these so top videos in the
last 28 days this one right here my 5
million vssl script I posted that [__]
over a year ago and in the last month
it's still gotten 2,600 views let me go
to more videos over here right here 2600
views in the past 28 days I posted a
year ago this one right here this was
Twitter master class right here this was
a [__] this was 2 years ago I posted
this and then it's still getting 1,400
views a month this was a VI IQ one this
was a vid IQ one this was posted half a
year ago still getting 1,200 views a
month and this one right here this was
this is like 2 months ago you see what
I'm doing here like if you make SEO
optimize [__] it just continues to get
new views over and over and over again
and you got to imagine when you have
like a 100 or 200 videos on your channel
these [__] just start stacking up and
you just get a [__] [__] ton of free
traffic it's like really substantial so
let's go over here to the paid ad
section because this seems to be where
we're making a substantial amount of
money so I run via cell phon I do via
vsl funel is with optin so like I make a
direct offer ad leads to opin page name
email phone number then they go to the
vssl those emails and phone number that
goes into an infinite email sequence
they will get emails forever and then we
have Setters calling and texting the
phone numbers so after they opted in
though they go to the vssl and the vssl
has a button to go to application the
application filters them out based on
whether they're qualified or unqualified
if they're unqualified we don't even let
them see the calendly at all you can't
see the calendar this is only for ads
I'm doing this but if they're qualified
then they see the calendar then they
book a call they get in the call with
the sales team they turn into a client
so in October we spent $174,100 in ads
this was
$586,000 of attributed Revenue to the
ads what do I mean by this if someone
clicked an ad and converted within 5
days it was attributed to the ads you
see what I mean so the attribution of
the ads
$586,000 it's took four times return it
now this was also really important
because how do you scale the ads how do
you do that there we were running
$56 individual unique ad creatives in
October now it doesn't mean like all 156
of them are still running is just that
we launched 156 different variations of
AD creators and then you find AI systems
in in the ads managers will just
automatically find the winners so if you
want to spend this much money on ads you
need 156 individual ad creators it's the
same thing with content if you want to
get a lot of money from content you need
to post a [__] ton of content you see
what I mean like I'm I'm sitting here on
on Twitter making like at least five
posts a day and then on YouTube most
ideally you want to post twice a week on
YouTube but sometimes you just can't so
I was doing twice a week for a little
bit and now I'm doing one a week but
I'll go back to two a week when I get
more filming capacity but I'm making a
[__] ton of AD creatives all the time I
wake up at like 5:30 a.m. and I come to
this desk it's literally 6:30 a.m. right
now as I'm filming this and I'm going to
be at this desk all [__] day I'm
going to be here until like like I'll
get up and [__] about the environment
and and Frolic around and do whatever
the [__] like take a little breaks
and whatnot but I will be at this [__]
intently working like as the main
activity until like 400 p.m. that's a
[__] ton of time right and now the
problem with a lot of people is they
want to hit 100K a month so desperately
and they're so down to do anything it
takes besides go to bed at 10: p.m. and
wake up at 6:00 you'll do [__]
anything but the one thing it actually
requires which is you getting up you
going to sleep at a decent hour getting
up and actually [__] doing something
you see what I mean like I want to do it
so bad except the one thing that makes
it actually work this really isn't
difficult at all it's not confusing it's
the same [__] over and over and over
again it's difficult yeah it's like you
got to do stuff when you don't feel like
doing it like a lot you very regularly
must do things you don't feel like doing
but it shouldn't be confusing like all
you're doing is doing Outreach making
content and if you have money running
ads and constantly making new ad
creatives it really isn't more difficult
than that it's so profoundly
straightforward it's almost like you
have to intentionally try to [__] it up
to fail like it's really not difficult
all right cool let's talk about
newsletter in October I sent 23 total
emails got 2,234 total clicks on it and
it was a total delivery of 367,000
messages so let's go I got a Google
sheet of them and these are the kinds of
emails I was sending so like how to kill
your business in 7 Days flat the best
vsl outline structure the inputs
required to hit 50k a month offers
versus just a thing drop offs and
constraints how many sales calls does it
take to hit 500k a month our new offer
how to use chat gbt to predict objection
so you see what like the theme of these
messages that I'm sending to the
newsletter is that I'm being useful but
how am I getting people onto the
newsletter in the first place so the
first is through ads right so obviously
remember I'm running the optin funnels
but secondarily is the content like I
put links to sign up to my newsletter
and [__] and if you put your email in
any of like a client Ascension location
or a join Olympia like a client
ascension. comom URL if you put your
email in there like you're going to be
on my thing if you put it your email in
on a join olympia. comom URL you're
going to be on my email list I also have
a direct link to sign up to it so you
can actually see these I'll put that in
the description but the main theme of
this is that I'm being useful like I'm
giving like practical tips and
directions on how to make substantially
more money I send a lot of these like I
try to do five a week and it works like
it works a lot and if you can tell
people to reply to it and like you you
actually like start to know people they
wake up the morning that look for your
newsletter you see what I mean like this
[__] [__] works it's like a sub
substantial part of the company and now
if we were going back to this right here
a lot of this number would be
significantly lower without email
because it's if they convert from the
email if they came from an ad and they
convert from email later on it's still
going to a tribute to the ad this would
probably be I [__] you not like half as
much without email you see what I mean
this is how important it is it's so it's
so wildly important all right so let's
talk about team so there's two companies
there's Cent sension list this is what
the client ension one looks like so
we've got the Student Success coaches so
like someone joins client Ascension and
we assign you a Student Success coach
right that's to help them like it's a
one-on-one person who guides you through
the program you you literally just got
to do what they say so we got Andy Chris
shann and Alex there four of them and
then we got Andre and we have expert
coaches as well so these are the people
who do the weekly coaching calls and are
like the experts you see what I mean so
like David to sales Connor's like kind
to sales but also like agency scaling
whatever Mario's mindset Nick is cold
email Dylan is is sales and appointment
setting Matt is cold email Jeremy is
like the LinkedIn and like LinkedIn ads
and [__] Drew is sales Nick verge's vsls
Nile's cold email Lucas automations cold
email Chris is cold email Lucas is
landing pages and then I'm still in here
too like I do offers and like marketing
strategy so we got Christian C me and
then Dan and we have the sales team so
Peter Antoine Isaac and [__] Antoine's a
Setter Isaac's a Setter Peter's a closer
Dan will close some deals too if you
schedule for Olympia right now like
you'll probably talk to Dan [__] does
like sales Tech [__] so this is 26
total people at client ension that's how
that team works that's like functionally
how client Ascension works is like you
have you have the Student Success
coaches and the expert coaches and
that's like how the product is
facilitated and then we have list kit so
there 30 total people excluding the dev
team cuz I don't know what the [__] is
going on over there so Andre these are
like client success managers so we have
Omar ban SED Alisa Bryce Francois and
Mark they help people get make sure
they're using list kit correctly and
[__] and they'll like also like set
deals to like upsell clients and whatnot
for like the coldo setup offer or
something I'll talk about that later but
then we got LS and this is the setup
team so Umar rahee W Tim Nile Ryan latia
I don't know who the [__] these people
are to be honest with you and then we
got Christian so one of my co-founders
Daniel me and Christian do the ads
that's really all we're doing and then
we got Dan over here so AJ's this is a
sales team so AJ Henry Evan deav Eddie
Steve they're all AES closers and then
we have Dio Riad and [__] who are all
Setters and then Oliver is the CTO he
does the de team I don't know what's
going on over there but you kind of
notice like if you look at me like
there's no one below me I just maneuver
and finagle [__] about the environment
you see what I mean I don't really have
people under me I just kind of like I
like to do my own thing I don't like to
manage people that's an Andre thing
everyone's under Andre Andre is the
manager he manages stuff and even if I
need someone like Andre facilitates it
in some capacity you see I don't like to
manage people I like to do whatever the
[__] I want that's how I've designed my
business I can just make YouTube videos
make content run ads and then the only
fulfillment that I'm involved in is
client Ascension in Olympia I don't do
any capacity of fulfillment at the
listkid side whatsoever see what I mean
so like on Olympia and client sension
side I help people with their offers and
their ads and then I just like do all
the lead gen for both the companies at
least 56 people who are depending on me
to generate enough leads that's so
[__] funny all right cool so let me
talk about my offer so I'm accomplishing
two things when I go to this my offer
section first is that so you understand
what I sell you like how my business
works and second is so that I can sell
you these offers and hopefully you buy
them right and the link to this document
and all of this stuff is in the
description so the first is client
Ascension what is that it's a done with
you program it helps agencies and B2B
companies normally people who join
client Ascension are between like $1,000
to $155,000 a month you can't join if
you have zero clients and we help you
hit 30k a month plus so what do we do we
help you build a better offer create a
vssl create landing pages create
automated cold Outreach systems create
content Marketing Systems streamline
your client fulfillment get better at
sales and build sales processes and then
use that AI That's client essential.com
it's $10,800 for 12 months that's the
pricing all right cool then I do some
one-on-one Consulting as well so like
sometimes people buy this and this just
speak directly with me I have an hour
call with me which is $1,000 or I have
personal monthly consulting which is
four calls a month plus unlimited
texting with my personal number that's
4K a month it's at Daniel fa. people buy
that [__] I just like leave it in the
description of YouTube videos and on my
Twitter and whatnot and then we have
list kit so that's the software for
getting cold email leads and automating
cold email so like there's the data
platform so is intent data what is
intent data it lets you extract the
email addresses of people who are
actively looking for services like yours
it's very effective right and then
there's just a standard B2B database $97
a month or 297 a month it's lisio then
we start selling this [__] C must setup
offer this in Cooks private
infrastructure it includes the leads it
includes intent data it includes the
sending it includes the inboxes and we
write the email scripts for you it's a
$1,500 setup and then $500 to $3,000 a
month depending on volume so like 15,000
emails a month is $500 a month and like
3,000 a month is 105,000 emails a month
you can scale up and down whatever the
[__] that's at start. list kit. and then
we have Olympia which is like the new
thing that's like [__] awesome I love
Olympia so this helps business owners
above 30,000 a month launch and scale
with ads in the sales team so that they
can reach $300,000 a month plus to help
with their offer the funnel the bssl the
ad scripts the email flows the text
flows the setter hiring closer hiring
fulfillment team hiring and automations
in AI it's $144,000 for 3 months there's
like 20 something people in there so far
we just launched it it's [__] awesome
I love Olympia it's join olympia. comom
if you make over $30 000 a month you
should join that [__] you will get
results all right cool that's it for me
if you got some usefulness out of this
like subscribe leave a comment share it
with your friends whatever I love you
peace